Update boot images for GCP (tech preview) (#76910)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mco-update-boot-images-disable.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post_installation_configuration/machine-configuration-tasks.adoc
// * nodes/nodes-nodes-managing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mco-update-boot-images-disable_{context}"]
= Disabling updated boot images

To disable the updated boot image feature feature, edit the `MachineConfiguration` object to remove the `managedBootImages` stanza.

If you disable this feature after some nodes have been created with the new boot image version, any existing nodes retain their current boot image. Turning off this feature does not rollback the nodes or machine sets to the original or factory boot image. The machine sets retain the boot image version that was present when the feature was enabled and the version is not updated if the cluster is upgraded to a new {product-title} version in the future.

.Procedure

> . Disable updated boot images by editing the `MachineConfiguration` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the `MachineConfiguration` object by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit MachineConfiguration cluster
----

> . Remove the `managedBootImages` stanza:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To disable the updated boot images, remove the `managedBootImages` stanza:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfiguration
metadata:
  name: cluster
  namespace: openshift-machine-config-operator
spec:
# ...
  managedBootImages: <1>
    machineManagers:
    - resource: machinesets
      apiGroup: machine.openshift.io
      selection:
        mode: All
----

> <1> Remove the entire stanza to disable boot image updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Remove the entire stanza to disable the updated boot images.
```
